# Revised ReadMe Essay

After analyzing the interview with Earl Tiffany, the chauffeur of William Desmond Taylor, I found profound evidence of a major suspect in the murder case. Tiffany, through the Police questions, illustrated great input and detail on how Edward Sands could have been the murderer. The reason this is so important is because Tiffany knew Taylor very well and also knew that Sands had hatred for Taylor, which provides a motive in the murder case. Throughout this interview, important information was found out, such as when Mr. Winn, who was a close friend of Taylor asked Tiffany, “This man Sands pried into Mr. Taylor's business more or less, did he not? TIFFANY: Yes, he did in every way possible”. This illustrates the hatred Sands had towards Taylor and this makes me think, if he is going to break into his business, what makes it so crazy to think he would murder him? Another important aspect we learn is that Sands knew Taylor’s real name, which tells us he knew ample information about Taylor, which is said in the interview. “POLICE: He knew considerable about his affairs and Sands told you that Taylor's name was not Taylor, that his name was Deane-Tanner? TIFFANY: Deane-Tanner. POLICE: Did he tell you how he found that out? TIFFANY: Well, through Taylor's correspondence, I presume. ** Taylor told me that Sands read every letter that came into the house for him”.  Did Sands know something about Taylor that provoked him to kill him? Another thing that I have cultivated through this interview is the love that Earl Tiffany had for Taylor, which tells me he wants to find the definite murderer. Through the questions and answers that Tiffany gives, I can infer that he believes it is Sands. Moreover, in the “Smith Interview”,  Maigne (one of the people to find Taylor) recounts the disturbing scenario following the morning of Taylor’s death. When he got to the scene, “Around 9:30 or 10 o’clock” he saw a crime scene that showed someone interrupted Taylor’s work. Maigne, who knew Taylor’s closest friends, decided to call Earl Tiffany over to inspect the murder scene. When both Earl and his wife came to the house, Tiffany immediately told Maigne how “ his wife had positively seen Sands at the corner of Fifth and Figueroa, I think it was, at 1:15  PM on the day before Taylor was murdered”. This evidence (although it is not certainly true), allows me to have a greater belief that the murderer was Sands, as he was in close proximity to Taylor, hours before the crime was committed. This crucial piece of evidence has added to the already ample amount of evidence that Edward Sands is the murderer. Throughout my interview and Smith’s, I have seen a pattern of how Earl Tiffany was a person who brought a significant amount of insight into the murder case. Turning to my interview, the Police were asking Tiffany important questions to try and decipher who the murderer was, as Tiffany was one of the most reliable sources. This is also seen as Maigne's first person to call over to the crime scene was Tiffany. There were many reasons for this since he was Taylors' chauffeur, right-hand man, and someone who had a loving and respectful relationship with Taylor. Although Tiffany was not present in any of the other interviews, you can understand through these two interviews, the importance he had of knowing the ins and outs of his boss, William Desmond Taylor.